

Descriptiondata = getdata(obj) extracts the number of samples specified by the SamplesPerTrigger property for each channel contained by obj. data is an m-by-n array where m is the number of samples extracted and n is the number of channels. data = getdata(obj,samples) extracts the number of samples specified by samples for each channel contained by obj. data = getdata(obj,'type') extracts data in the specified format. If type is specified as native, the data is returned in the native data format of the device. If type is specified as double (the default), the data is returned as doubles. data = getdata(obj,samples,'type') extracts the number of samples specified by samples in the format specified by type for each channel contained by obj. [data,time] = getdata(...) returns data as sample-time pairs. time is an m-by-1 array of relative time values, where m is the number of samples returned in data. Each element of time indicates the relative time, in seconds, of the corresponding sample in data, measured with respect to the first sample logged by the engine. [data,time,abstime] = getdata(...) extracts data as sample-time pairs and returns the absolute time of the trigger. The absolute time is returned as a clock vector and is identical to the value stored by the InitialTriggerTime property. [data,time,abstime,events] = getdata(...) extracts data as sample-time pairs, returns the absolute time of the trigger, and returns a structure containing a list of events that occurred up to the getdata call. The possible events that can be returned are identical to those stored by the EventLog property. RemarksMore About getdata In most circumstances, getdata returns all requested data and does not miss any samples. In the unlikely event that the engine cannot keep pace with the hardware device, it is possible that data is missed. If data is missed, the DataMissedFcn property is called and the device object is stopped. getdata is a blocking function because it returns execution control to the MATLAB workspace only when the requested number of samples are extracted from the engine for each channel group member. You can issue ^C (Control+C) while getdata is blocking. This will not stop the acquisition but will return control to MATLAB. The amount of data that you can extract from the engine is given by the SamplesAvailable property. More About Extracting Data From the EngineOnce the requested data is extracted from the engine, the SamplesAvailable property value is automatically reduced by the number of samples returned. If the requested number of samples is greater than the samples to be acquired, then an error is returned. If the requested data is not returned in the expected amount of time, an error is returned. The expected time to return data is given by the time it takes the engine to fill one data block plus the time specified by the Timeout property. If multiple triggers are included in a single getdata call, a NaN is inserted into the returned data and time arrays and the absolute time returned is given by the first trigger. MATLAB supports math operations only for the double data type. Therefore, to use math functions on native data, you must convert it to doubles.